[MUSIC]
The next type of requirement, which we
will cover, is an External Interface.
The idea behind this
requirement is simple.
Often, your product belongs
to a larger system.
External interfaces simply outline
where the product is situated.
We don't mean this in terms of
physical location, but in terms of
where the product sits logically among
other entities outside the product.
The interfaces also describe the way
in which these connections are made.
Through media, protocols, formats,
and levels of a compatibility.
Simply put,
this just means that an external interface
shows how the product itself relates
to something else in the system.
Say you had a software application, which
displayed information to an end user and
accessed a remote database.
The application sets between
the database and the end user, and
has an external interface to each one.
The external interfaces will show
the protocols which the application needs
to interact with the database,
as well as how the information
should be presented to the user.
External interfaces are often
identified on data flow diagrams.
A data flow diagram is one which shows
all the components of a product in one
place and makes explicit reference
to how data is passed to and
from outside entities in the whole system.
External interfaces, then, are just
a description of the logical placement
of your product among other
entities within an entire system.
Don't confuse external interfaces with
the physical location of the product.
This is actually a separate type of
requirement called the product's
Physical Setting.
Physical Setting Requirements describe
how the product should be designed
around its physical environment.
For example,
if you were to develop a GPS tracker for
construction equipment in the Sahara,
you would want to make sure that it can
withstand extreme heat,
dust, noise, and vibrations.
If you were developing this system for
applications in Antarctica,
then you would want the product
to withstand extreme cold.
All of these are considerations made when
specifying physical setting requirements.
Which of the following would be considered
an external interface requirement?
A. The product must be able to communicate
to a customer database and an ad server.
B. The product must be able to remain
on battery power for six hours.
C. The product must be
able to withstand impact
from a drop of no less than fifty meters.
Or D. The product must withstand
full sunlight for ten hours per day.
The answer is A.
Remember, an external interface is
a requirement which specifies how
the product is to communicate or connect
with other components of the system.
By communicating with
a customer database and
an ad server, the product's external
interfaces are being defined.
Say you've specified all the requirements
we talked about earlier.
Is your development team capable of
creating the product you designed?
Knowing the answer to this
question is very important.
[SOUND] Development constraints
outline the implementation technology,
conventions, documentation, and
the process which your team will use.
[SOUND] They could also address
things like, which devices or
platforms the development team will
support, or how much memory, bandwidth, or
processing power they're limited to using.
It's usually best to specify this
later in the specification phase so
that the product does not become limited
in vision by available technology.
Technology advances, therefore,
so should the product.
By discussing developing constraints last,
you can avoid the possibility
that you design prematurely with
old technologies and abilities.
In this lesson, we learned about the
different types of requirements available
to us,
which can express our client's needs.
Let's review.
First, we talked about requirement types,
which can influence your project.
Those requirements are business
requirements and business rules.
Then, we talked about a few of
the core requirement types.
Those were our user requirements,
functional requirements and
non-functional requirements.
Finally, we talked about a few
requirements, which provide
additional context for the eventual
design and implementation of the product.
Those are external interfaces,
the physical product setting, and
development constraints.
Next, we'll talk about how we can
manage changing requirements and
control our product's scope.